rbac: simplify and make authorization HTTP/TCP tasks consistent (#4320)
istio/istio.io: content/docs/tasks/security/authz-tcp/index.md

There may be some delays due to caching and other propagation overhead.
{{< /tip >}}

## Enforcing access control on TCP service

Now let's set up service-level access control using Istio authorization to allow `v2` of `ratings`
to access the MongoDB service.

Run the following command to apply the authorization policy:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl apply -f @samples/bookinfo/platform/kube/rbac/mongodb-policy.yaml@
{{< /text >}}

> The step above does the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once applied, the policy has the following effects:
```

> * Creates a service role "mongodb-viewer" which allows access to the port 27017 of the MongoDB service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creates the following `mongodb-viewer` service role, which allows access to the MongoDB service on port 27017.
```

    {{< text yaml >}}
    apiVersion: "rbac.istio.io/v1alpha1"
    kind: ServiceRole
    metadata:
      name: mongodb-viewer
      namespace: default
    spec:
      rules:
      - services: ["mongodb.default.svc.cluster.local"]
        constraints:
        - key: "destination.port"
          values: ["27017"]
    {{< /text >}}

> * Creates a service role binding `bind-mongodb-viewer` which assigns the `mongodb-viewer` role to `bookinfo-ratings-v2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Creates the following `bind-mongodb-viewer` service role binding, which assigns the `mongodb-viewer` role to the `bookinfo-ratings-v2` service.
```

    {{< text yaml >}}
    apiVersion: "rbac.istio.io/v1alpha1"
    kind: ServiceRoleBinding
    metadata:
      name: bind-mongodb-viewer
      namespace: default
    spec:
      subjects:
      - user: "cluster.local/ns/default/sa/bookinfo-ratings-v2"
      roleRef:
        kind: ServiceRole
        name: "mongodb-viewer"
    {{< /text >}}

> Point your browser at the Bookinfo `productpage` (`http://$GATEWAY_URL/productpage`).  You should see:

Reviewer: Use the same wording as you used on the previous files.
